<#Scene1 : Wingardium Leviosa Class>
Professor : One of a wizard's most rudimentary skills is levitation or the ability to make objects fly. 
   Do you have your feathers? 
   (헤르미온느가 깃털을 들어보인다.)
   Good.
   Now, don't forget the nice wrist movement we've been practicing.
   (학생들이 지팡이를 든다.)
   The swish and flick. Everyone. 
   (다같이 복창하면서 동작을 따라한다.)   
   Good. Oh, and enunciate. Wingardium Leviosa. Off you go, then.

Ron : Wingardium Leviosa
   (론이 주문이 통하지 않자 지팡이를 마구 흔든다.)

Hermione : NO, stop, stop, stop! You're going to take someone's eye out.
      (헤르미온느가 론이 답답한듯 짜증내면서 말한다.)
        Besides, you're saying it wrong. It's Leviosa(레비오우사), not Leviosar(레비오사아).
      (헤르미온느가 론을 지적한다. 살짝 잘난 척 하는끼가 있다.)

Ron : You do it then, if you're so clever. Go on, go on.
   (기분 나쁜 론은 퉁명스럽게 헤르미온느에게 말한다.)

Hermione : Wingardium Leviosa.
      (자신만만하게 의기양양하게 그리고 차분하게. 하지만 깃털이 폭파하며 실패한다.)

Ron : It serves you right! You can't either dummy. 
   (꼴 좋다는 듯이 쳐다보며 비아냥 거린다.)

Hermione : What the fuck(삐처리)...? why doesn't it work..?
      (민망해 하며 혼자 속삭인다.)

론과 해리포터는 킥킥대며 비웃으며 서로 속삭인다.

Professor : Our lecture of the day is all finishe now. Have some more practice, everyone.
   (헤르미온느를 보고 미소지으며 수업을 끝낸다.)

<수업 후 교실에서 나가는 길>

Harry : Hey Ron, She was very conceited.
      (론에게 헤르미온느 욕을한다.)

Ron : Who? oh..  Hermione?? she has a tendency to annoy people. she has no answer.
   (멍때리고 가던 론이 해리말에 동조한다.)


Hermione : What did you say?? Bad guys...!!
      (자신을 욕하면서 가던 론과 해리의 어깨를 치면서 지나간다.)
        Wingardium Leviosa.. Wingardium Leviosa...!
      (가면서 갸우뚱 대며 주문을 속삭인다.)
        
        


<#Scene2 : In the class of Snape>
Snape : 
Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities 
so tremendous that you feel confident enough 
to not pay attention
(Hermione hits Harry with arms)
Mr. Potter!
Our new celebrity
Tell me /what would i get /if i powdered/ root of asphodel/ to an infusion of wormwood?
(Hermione takes her hand)
(Harry Potter shake his head.)

Snape : You don't know? Then, Hermione?

Hermione : It's Poly juice magic medicine, sir.

Snape : (Lift one e)nope Where would you look /if i asked you /to find a bezoar?
(Hermione hands again)

Harry : I don't know, sir.

Snape : Hermione?

Hermione : It's sheep's liver, sir.

Snape : no. (See harry) What if the difference between monkshood and wolfsbane?
(Hermione hands again)

Harry : I don't know sir.

Snape :(Sigh) Ok, Hermione.

Hermione : Helmets are crowded, but helmets are not crowded.

Snape :(Clapping) perfect, Hermione. everything is wrong.
(Shrug) It's perfect, Gryffindor.


<#Scene 3 : Devil Snare>
Harry : Don't follow until I give you a sign. 
If something bad happens, get yourself out.
Does it seems a bit quiet to you?

Hermione : The harp. It stops playing

Ron : Ahh...Yuckk...Yunn

Harry : Jump!!

Ron : Oh lucky. This plant saved us

Harry : Isn't it the Devil snare?

Hermione : No this is moron snare!! Get out of here with all your power. If you don't, it only kill you.

Ron : Kill us? Oh now I can do my best!!
All three of them are struggling hard. But nothing happened.

Harry : Are you sure this is moron snare? I don't listen about that. I think it is Devil snare!!
(Harry fell)

Harry : This is Devil snare!! Relax!!
(Hermione fell)

Harry : You have to relax!!

Hermione : We have to do something

Harry : What?

Hermione : I think I know the magic 
Rumos jamjam~~ (No response)

Harry : It doesn't work 

Hermione : Rumos Jams~~ (No response)

Harry : Are you sure you know?

Hermione : I do not think so. What should we do??